Low level optmizations like using ptr over passing struct as value, returning struct vs having an out * variable
is utterly useless at this point. These optmizations only make sense when you are at a stage where you can ship games
and you notice how much time is spent.

Passing 16 bytes is completely fine. Obviously if its very large, then care, or if it idiomatically makes sense,
which it usually does sometimes then care. Don't do something obviously bad. Optimize algorithmically/access pattern-wise
/cache coherency,but don't care about ptr/variable or other "Low level" stuff. It is impossible to predict at this stage
and it will constantly change based on a million different factors.

if vs switch
because i see so much misinformation on the internet. I am writing it here.
If you are going case = {n,n + k, n + 2k, ....}, n and k are integers, then switch is alyways better because they are optmizied
into jump tables which are literally o(1). ofc, you can make jump tables yourself but I feel its best to let the compiler decide 
and I would consider this "Low level" stuff


credits
Ms Bea
Kanye West
Finn, Jake, Marceline and BMO

10/6/23
1:47 am

I don't think I understand the size of this project.
Unreal Engine and RAGE, the best engines in the market
use bullet/physx/chaos physics middleware
WTF
How can I ever compete? When two of the biggest engines
couldn't?
I can't keep telling myself that I am better.

but I am better.

Phew, dodged a bullet3

I wonder what this all really means

Wait I am learning music and art too.

All I want is to make vidjya game.

How much better am I than tier 1 mega corps working 9 - 5 every day of the year?

I need to be atleast 10x better.



"If you were to round down, he is about infinite times better than whatever, whoever or wheneve he chooses
to be better than. He needs no one and can invent the universe, and every neighboring (or otherwise) reality 
he chooses to. The reason why he suffers from non tangible inner demons is due to a safety mechanism he inserted to nerf
himself so others don't feel bad. Yes, he thinks about you :D"

- psydup 1:3


Hi!

I'm going to be working on physics/aabb related stuff today.
Then I have classes.
I am listening to a cover on Alex G's Nintendo 64

I like the cover better


:D


I got the "debug draw" to work

Basically, I wanted to see if my collision shapes were in the right place.
I need to make them move with the rb now.

But right now, I need to do my hw.

bye bye :D



10/12
12:03 am

I am waiting for my earbuds to charge so I can view a documentary.
Until then, I will get my aabb to update position as rb moves. I added a 
debug draw so it'll be easier.




